On the other hand,
Something happened while we were staring.
The military authorities and LASEK are 22 minutes.
Six minutes of play, the allegations of land are growing.
It is Kim Se-jin chan.
1 billion won without another
At the Fleet Command that monitors the state of the Cheonan in real time
The first report of the situation to the Navy Operations Command
It is done
What happened at the time of the 1 o'clock security bond today?
Not listed
However, the seaplane was reported to have died without water
It is known as
I did not try.
Yes
galca
At night
Missing comments on cell phone texting and phone disconnection
Time
That's exactly why
At the Baekryong-do military base,
I can hear the bell sound
I was in the 15th minute without a deposit,
There is a possibility that there is a structural problem.
It is the big tree, dragon, and 20 minutes and 1.8km of coastal scenery
I heard another bang
I have detected a nearby recording device in a minute.
And 21 times, in three minutes,
I will fall down.
After all, according to the documents, the Cheonan on the first impact would be 6 to 7 minutes later
There was a second shock, and the second shock
It's supposed to have completely subsided in three minutes.
But it still does not make sense.
If something urgent happened during the six minutes of the problem
A misunderstanding is that one reads the Captain's poem,
There is a situation where there is enough room for the scene.
The military authorities are in the emergency room,
After five people were gathered,
I was doing exercise for the soldiers at home
I estimated it.
mbc News is Kim Jae-il